[narrator] It is said that
every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
["Pegasus Seiya" playing]
♪ Hold it in your heart ♪
♪ Cosmo is a part of you ♪
♪ Burning hot, gotta flow
Don’t you stop it, let it go ♪
♪ Prophesies are made
And galaxies are far from here ♪
♪ But you don’t need them now
Stay strong and believe what you feel ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Pegasus, this destiny
No one can take it away from you ♪
♪ Now your home is the sky
And your dreams are the wings ♪
♪ They’re gonna take you high ♪
♪ Saint Seiya ♪
♪ Signs out there keep calling ♪
♪ Forever
We will stand with you ‘til the end ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ They say that
All boys are born true fighters ♪
♪ Remember you can do this
Then fly away ♪
[music ends]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
Patricia! What are
you gonna do with my sister?!
Give her back!
Give it back!
Believe!
You are the Pegasus, right?
Go to Chamos Island.
This is your destiny.
-[gun fires]
-I won't let it happen again!
[dreamy music playing]
[Seiya grunts]
[screams] Let me go!
I said let me go! Come on!
[guard] Hey, kid,
how did you get in here?
[Seiya] I can't say.
[guard 2] Then what the hell
are you doing here?
[Seiya sighs]
I came here to become a Knight.
[grunts]
-What the hell?!
-You gotta be kidding me.
A kid like you won't be able
to handle the training here.
You're just gonna end up dead,
so we might as well
take care of it here and now.
-[Seiya growls]
-[woman] Stop!
[guard 2] Marin!
[Marin] Who's this kid?
Somehow he snuck his way
onto the island.
I admire his courage,
but his life is over.
[guard 2 chuckles] See?
We even have
our teacher's permission.
[grunts] Hey!
Looks like
we got ourselves a tough guy.
What's your name, tough guy?
My name is Seiya!
Well, sorry, Seiya, but you
never should have come here.
[Marin] Stop!
But, Silver Eagle Marin,
you know, the rules.
We-- We can't keep him alive,
[Marin] Change of plans.
I'll take the kid.
[crowd murmuring]
[Master] Seiya and Cassios...
we started this tournament
with over a thousand warriors.
Now you are
the last two standing.
The winner of this last fight
will win the symbol
of Knighthood,
this Pegasus Armor,
and take your place as one
of Athena's honored Knights.
The Pegasus Armor. [chuckles]
[Seiya]
From the times of Greek myth.
It's why I came to this island
in the first place.
Six long years of training.
With that Armor, I'll be
able to go to Sanctuary.
[Master] If you are ready,
-then let the final battle be--
-[grunts]
-[both chuckle]
-Your student wasn't ready.
[Marin] Your student's
a dirty cheat.
[sighs] Damn it.
I'll have Cassios say he's sorry
after he crushes Seiya
and wins the Armor.
Finish him, Cassios!
[roars]
-[gasps]
-[laughs]
[yells]
[groans]
[sighs]
[laughing]
[growls]
[Marin]
Our bodies are made of atoms.
Flowers, trees,
insects, everything,
even the stars in the sky,
everything in the universe
is made of atoms.
Whoa!
[Marin] And destroying anything
is just a matter
of separating its atoms.
Seiya, focus your power!
Focus your body and spirit...
to the strike point,
to your hand!
[yells]
Seiya, I thought
you were smarter than this!
If you won't give up, then I'm
gonna have to tear you apart!
[roars]
[groaning]
[Marin] Seiya, burn your Cosmo!
Focus your body and spirit
to the strike point,
to your hand!
[yells]
What the hell?
Cassios! You can't
lose the Armor to Seiya!
[growls] I won't.
Cassios, I don't want
to have to hurt you.
If you surrender,
you can still walk away.
[chuckles]
You won't be
walking away from this. [grunts]
I won't let you win the Armor!
[roars]
What?
You just don't get it, do you?
You use Cosmo, but you use
only a fraction of its power.
What are you saying?
[Seiya] You've never even seen
the universe
within your own body.
[Marin] Huh. As if
you've already mastered it.
[Cassios]
The universe in my body?!
[Seiya grunts]
You can do better
if you can utilize all your Cosmo.
You and the stars
are made of the same atoms.
In the beginning,
everything in the universe
was born from the Big Bang.
Your body is
its own mini-universe.
True Knights can generate power
by igniting their own Cosmo.
They can split the Earth
and smash the stars.
Seiya, burn your Cosmo.
Make your inner universe
explode.
Then your attacks will hit
with all the power of a meteor.
Seiya's hands are tracing
the 13 stars of Pegasus!
I'm bigger. I'm stronger.
I'm a lot smarter than you.
You don't have a universe
inside your body!
No, Cassios!
Get away from Seiya!
[Seiya] Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
What?!
[yells]
[groaning]
[Master] You have
proven yourself today, Seiya,
and Athena has recognized you
as a new Bronze Knight.
I did it! The Armor's mine!
[Master] But heed
my warning, Seiya.
If you ever use your Armor
for personal battles
or personal gain,
Knights of the world
will descend upon you.
Never forget that, Seiya.
[thunder crashing]
Why are we
sneaking away like this?
You won the Armor
away from Shaina's student.
She wants to kill you.
[sighs] Great.
[Marin gasps]
[thunder crashing]
What is your problem, Shaina?
You've always hated me.
I beat Cassios
and won the Armor fair and square.
Marin, are you going
to let me take him,
or are you going
to fight me to save Seiya?
[thunder crashes]
[Marin] This isn't about me.
If you ever want
to leave this place,
you'll have to get by Shaina
on your own.
-[Shaina] Time to die, Seiya!
-[gasps]
[yelling]
Thunder Claw!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[laughs]
That may have worked on Cassios,
but not me.
I can see each of your punches.
I can even count them.
Thunder Claw!
[yells]
[groans]
The Armor's only supposed
to serve and protect Athena.
But Shaina is going
to destroy me and take it.
What part of that serves
the purpose of a Knight?
This is it, the Pegasus Armor.
So you put on
the Pegasus Armor at last.
Now let's see if you've really
become one with that Armor.
[thunder crashing]
[Seiya grunting]
[yells]
[grunts]
Just as I thought. You have
no control over the Armor.
It's useless
on a weakling like you.
[groans] I don't understand.
Why isn't it working?
[Marin] If you thought
just getting the Armor
would automatically
give you powers,
then you've got it
all wrong.
A Knight's power comes
from the universe inside you.
You need to ignite your Cosmo
and control
the universe within you.
She's right, you know.
If your body and soul
aren't in sync,
if you don't ignite your Cosmo,
the Armor is just a heavy shell!
[grunts]
-[Shaina grunts]
-[Seiya grunts]
Thunder Claw!
[groans]
[Marin] Seiya!
Think about
why the Armor accepted you
and why it let you wear it.
[sighs]
I was accepted by the Armor...
because I realized
it's true purpose
is to serve and protect Athena.
Seiya!
Really? Are you kidding me?!
Thunder Claw!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[groans]
His punches were so fast,
I couldn't even see them.
They're faster
than the speed of sound.
[footsteps]
That's enough, Shaina, right?
[sighs]
This isn't over, Seiya.
Next time, I'll have my armor,
and we will fight again.
I would rather avoid that.
[mystical music playing]
[Seiya] Thanks, Marin.
You've been a great teacher.
-[device beeping]
-Take this.
It will lead you
to a secret tournament.
Knights are forbidden
to participate,
so don't let anyone
know you're going.
But the Master
just warned me not to.
Why would you
tell me to go fight?
If you're going to be
a true Knight for Athena,
you need to go.
But I don't wanna fight
in some stupid tournament!
Why did you come to this island
in the first place?
If you're
not going to be serious
about your responsibility
to Athena,
then I will have to kill you
here with my own hands!
Why did you come here, Seiya?
I-I need to find my sister.
I want to take my Armor
and reach Sanctuary.
That's the last place
anyone saw her.
You won't find your sister
at Sanctuary.
But how would you know?
Go to the tournament.
It will all make sense
in the end.
And be patient.
Someday, your sister
will find you,
when the time is right.
Be careful, Seiya.
Your war has only just begun.
[device beeping]
[Seiya sighs]
-[beeping quickens]
-Huh?
[panting]
[sighs]
[footsteps]
[Seiya] What?!
Sienna?!
It's been a long time, Seiya.
You remember
my guardian, Mylock.
How can I forget?!
Remember? I was 12!
We were in a plane crash!
You ditched me at the waterfall!
I had to walk home!
Quit your whining.
You survived it, didn't you?
So this is
your secret tournament?
Huh?
What the-- [yells]
[solemn music playing]
[Sienna] My grandfather,
Alman Kido,
planned an invitation-only,
private fighting tournament
of Knights
called Galaxian Wars.
One of you Bronze Knights
will win the symbol
of the highest degree
of Knighthood, the Gold Armor!
My grandfather believed every
one of you could be Right Ones,
but in the Galaxian Wars,
there can be only one champion.
Good luck!
You know, it's not too late
for you guys
to just quit and leave.
You'd be saving us some time
and saving you some pride.
-[laughs]
-This is no joke.
Knights aren't supposed to use
their Armor and Cosmos
for personal gain.
Fighting in this tournament
will have consequences
for all of us.
[laughs] I'll take my chances.
[groans]
-What about you, Seiya?
-[scoffs]
Is it worth it?
I have my reasons.
I'll do what I have to do.
[man sighs]
The first match will be
Pegasus Seiya versus Bear Geki!
[Geki chuckles]
So you're the Pegasus Knight.
It was nice knowing you!
[roars]
Hey! Knock it off!
[Mylock] That column
is our property.
You're gonna
have to pay for that.
[Geki grunts]
Heh. Look at the size of Geki.
No way Seiya's
gonna win this one.
[roars]
Huh.
It's over.
What? Fight's not over.
Geki's still standing!
[groans]
-[Mylock] Game over!
-[sighs]
Winner, Pegasus Seiya!
[gasping]
Lady Sienna,
Cygnus Magnus isn't here yet,
and he's supposed to be
in the next match.
What would you like us to do?
Cygnus Magnus
could be another Right One.
[Sienna] If he is, I'll wait.
No sign yet of Magnus.
Hah! Well, you know,
anyone who spends their time
in the freezing Arctic mountains
is bound to have cold feet.
What?
-[circle activates]
-Huh?
[energetic music playing]
Well, "speak of the devil."
Apparently he seems
to have his legs attached.
The next match, Cygnus Magnus
versus Hydra Ichi!
Are you ready to die?
[laughs]
Big words from a small man
who can't even show up on time.
What, did you get lost,
hit traffic?
Do they even have roads
where you hide?
[roars]
[shivers]
It's getting freezing in here!
[Ichi groans]
My arm!
[moans]
It burns like ice!
[gasps]
Diamond Dust!
[screams]
[groans]
[Mylock] Game over!
Winner, Cygnus Magnus!
I'm going to bury you all...
starting with you!
[Mylock] Magnus!
You know Knights are forbidden
from personal battles
and personal gain.
So, Sienna,
Sanctuary has sentenced you
-and the Bronze Knights to death.
-We gotta save Sienna!
Now die!
["Somebody New" playing]
♪ Believe me, I'm speechless ♪
♪ I wish that I could say those words ♪
♪ You whispered so sweetly ♪
♪ And maybe I'll regret this but
I've gotta be honest ♪
♪ Cause we made a promise,
I won't break it now ♪
♪ I wish I could hold you ♪
♪ But how could I be so unfair ♪
♪ To lead us to nowhere? ♪
♪ We've both been down that road before ♪
♪ And if it should end us
Please know that I'm helpless ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ It's not that I don't feel
The feelings you do ♪
♪ It's just my heart's not ready yet ♪
♪ For something so soon, yeah ♪
♪ For somebody new ♪
[music ends]